2014-06-06-use-import-tool-categories-locations.md, before:

---
layout: page
title:  "How to use import tool for categories and locations?"
date:   2014-06-06 13:14:50
categories: HowTo
tags: HowTo
permalink: /use-import-tool-categories-locations/
---
# How to use import tool for categories and locations?

You are building a large scale **classifieds website** with lots of categories and locations, but you're having a problem with adding them all in without spending so much time on typing each category or location and pressing enter with our quick category/location creator.

We have the solution for you! You can use an easy import tool to add all of your locations and categories with a press of a button. You simple need to follow those steps:

### Categories

1. Log into your **Admin Panel** 
2. Go to **Classifieds** > **Categories** 
3. Upload CSV files for your categories.

![Import tool](http://docs.yclas.com/images/import-categories.png) 

<br>
You can find [here](https://mega.co.nz/#!4wZQVCzA!EHYk1TdDgBr6U600eS28rtgbTfIYzONwmzpb7o3pIhg) the example of the correct CSV format.

### Locations

1. Log into your **Admin Panel** 
2. Go to **Classifieds** > **Locations** 
3. Upload CSV files for your locations.

![Import tool](http://docs.yclas.com/images/import-locations.png) 

<br>
You can find [here](https://mega.co.nz/#!BxZDzDCC!ANjH-uKxKhcaYwI2_xy0QQWVtvWK510ObGLAaUp_rWQ) the example of the correct CSV format.

<br>
Let us know what you want to know about next! Post a comment in the section below and share your thoughts with us.

Regards from Kinan and Open Classifieds team.

<br>
**Related posts:**

+ [How to Import Advertisements](http://docs.yclas.com/how-to-import-ads/)

<!--The CSV file should have two fields:

+ **Name:** the name of the category/location (mandatory)
+ **Seoname**: your chosen SEO name for the category/location (this is optional to enter)

Here is a small example of how it should be: 

![csv file](http://open-classifieds.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/csv-file.png)-->
<!--title: How to use import tool for categories and locations?
link: http://open-classifieds.com/2014/06/06/use-import-tool-categories-locations/
author: Kinan
description: 
post_id: 17899
created: 2014/06/06 15:14:50
created_gmt: 2014/06/06 13:14:50
comment_status: open
post_name: use-import-tool-categories-locations
status: publish
post_type: post-->

Commit message:

warning for locations and categories

2014-06-06-use-import-tool-categories-locations.md, after:

---
layout: page
title:  "How to use import tool for categories and locations?"
date:   2014-06-06 13:14:50
categories: HowTo
tags: HowTo
permalink: /use-import-tool-categories-locations/
---
# How to use import tool for categories and locations?

You are building a large scale **classifieds website** with lots of categories and locations, but you're having a problem with adding them all in without spending so much time on typing each category or location and pressing enter with our quick category/location creator.

We have the solution for you! You can use an easy import tool to add all of your locations and categories with a press of a button. You simple need to follow those steps:

**Warning:** _We do not recommend adding more than 100 categories or 1000 locations if you use shared hosting. Otherwise, your website will work very slow._

### Categories

1. Log into your **Admin Panel** 
2. Go to **Classifieds** > **Categories** 
3. Upload CSV files for your categories.

![Import tool](http://docs.yclas.com/images/import-categories.png) 

<br>
You can find [here](https://mega.co.nz/#!4wZQVCzA!EHYk1TdDgBr6U600eS28rtgbTfIYzONwmzpb7o3pIhg) the example of the correct CSV format.

### Locations

1. Log into your **Admin Panel** 
2. Go to **Classifieds** > **Locations** 
3. Upload CSV files for your locations.

![Import tool](http://docs.yclas.com/images/import-locations.png) 

<br>
You can find [here](https://mega.co.nz/#!BxZDzDCC!ANjH-uKxKhcaYwI2_xy0QQWVtvWK510ObGLAaUp_rWQ) the example of the correct CSV format.

<br>
Let us know what you want to know about next! Post a comment in the section below and share your thoughts with us.

Regards from Kinan and Open Classifieds team.

<br>
**Related posts:**

+ [How to Import Advertisements](http://docs.yclas.com/how-to-import-ads/)

<!--The CSV file should have two fields:

+ **Name:** the name of the category/location (mandatory)
+ **Seoname**: your chosen SEO name for the category/location (this is optional to enter)

Here is a small example of how it should be: 

![csv file](http://open-classifieds.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/csv-file.png)-->
<!--title: How to use import tool for categories and locations?
link: http://open-classifieds.com/2014/06/06/use-import-tool-categories-locations/
author: Kinan
description: 
post_id: 17899
created: 2014/06/06 15:14:50
created_gmt: 2014/06/06 13:14:50
comment_status: open
post_name: use-import-tool-categories-locations
status: publish
post_type: post-->
