configuration-of-premium-themes.md, before:

---
title:  "Configuration of premium themes"
date:   2013-09-06 07:53:57
categories: Themes
tags: [Themes]
permalink: /configuration-of-premium-themes/
keywords: theme options, design, layout
---
When you buy one of our **[Premium Themes](https://selfhosted.yclas.com/),** you can enjoy plenty of additional options that help you to adjust the page to your needs. You can manage them by going to **Panel** and choose **Theme options** (note, that this tab is only visible, if you're currently using premium theme - read related post: [How to change theme?]({{ site.baseurl }}/how-to-change-theme)).  

<a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/images/theme-options.png" class="thumbnail gallery-item" data-gallery>
![Theme options](//docs.yclas.com/images/theme-options.png) 
</a>

### Available options

+ **Change the colour scheme and style of the theme**: In this field you can select the one that you want to use for your site.

+ **Header tool bar gets fixed in the top**: decide, if while scrolling your page down, the header from the top moves and is always visible (choose YES) or not (choose NO).

+ **Display breadcrumb**: breadcrumbs are used to help with navigation and allow users to keep track of their locations. Choose if they will be displayed in your listing (YES/NO). Example:

<a href="//open-classifieds.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/breadcrumb-Demo-Open-Classifieds.png" class="thumbnail gallery-item" data-gallery>
![breadcrumbs](//open-classifieds.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/breadcrumb-Demo-Open-Classifieds.png)
</a>

+ **Hide header and footer on single ad and user profile page:** Removes the header, breadcrumbs and footer on single ad and user profile page. Enable to show the user profile page like "your store".

+ **Set max layout width in pixel**: change the website width according to what suits your content ( **[Newspaper](https://selfhosted.yclas.com/themes/newspaper.html)** only)

+ **URL to your Logo:** upload your logo to your FTP and paste a URL to it. Recommended size of the image is **250px x 40px**. Leave this field blank if you don't want logo at all.

+ **Short description that appears after the site name:** Your tagline that appears under the logo. Keep it rather short.

<a href="//open-classifieds.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/logo-with-tagline.png" class="thumbnail gallery-item" data-gallery>
![logo with tagline](//open-classifieds.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/logo-with-tagline.png)
</a>

+ **Numbers of ads to display in home slider**: choose how many of latest ads will be displayed in the slider at the home page. Considering the fact that in one slide appear 3 ads at once, it is the best when you choose the number that can be divided by 3. If you choose number smaller than 4, the slider will be static.

+ **Where you want the sidebar to appear**: decide if you want sidebar displayed on the right or on the left side.

+ **Display slider in listing**: except of the slider at the home page you can also activate a slider in the listing pages with a latest ads of the certain category.

+ **Header banner, allows HTML:** you can put any text or banner as a header of your site. Works great for putting ads e.g. Adsense. Just paste the correct HTML of the banner.

+ **Footer banner, allows HTML:** works the same as header one, enables to place a banner at the bottom of the page.

+ **Listing random position banner, allows HTML:** text or banner that you paste in this field will be displayed in a random position between advertisements in the listing.

+ **Default state for list/grid in listing**: choose the default way you want the ads to be viewed by users when in listing view.

+ **Infinite scroll**: ads will be loading automatically whenever the user scrolls down.

+ **Uses CDN for CSS/JS**: increase site speed by using content delivery network for CSS /JS (deactivate this option if you get an error with JS)


<br>

{% include themes-include.html %}

Commit message:

explain Select the color that styles the mobile browser interface.

configuration-of-premium-themes.md, after:

---
title:  "Configuration of premium themes"
date:   2013-09-06 07:53:57
categories: Themes
tags: [Themes]
permalink: /configuration-of-premium-themes/
keywords: theme options, design, layout
---
When you buy one of our **[Premium Themes](https://selfhosted.yclas.com/),** you can enjoy plenty of additional options that help you to adjust the page to your needs. You can manage them by going to **Panel** and choose **Theme options** (note, that this tab is only visible, if you're currently using premium theme - read related post: [How to change theme?]({{ site.baseurl }}/how-to-change-theme)).  

<a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/images/theme-options.png" class="thumbnail gallery-item" data-gallery>
![Theme options](//docs.yclas.com/images/theme-options.png) 
</a>

### Available options

+ **Change the colour scheme and style of the theme**: In this field you can select the one that you want to use for your site.

+ **Select the color that styles the mobile browser interface**: Set the address bar color of the mobile browser interface. Pick a color or paste the code of the color that styles your website.

+ **Header tool bar gets fixed in the top**: decide, if while scrolling your page down, the header from the top moves and is always visible (choose YES) or not (choose NO).

+ **Display breadcrumb**: breadcrumbs are used to help with navigation and allow users to keep track of their locations. Choose if they will be displayed in your listing (YES/NO). Example:

<a href="//open-classifieds.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/breadcrumb-Demo-Open-Classifieds.png" class="thumbnail gallery-item" data-gallery>
![breadcrumbs](//open-classifieds.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/breadcrumb-Demo-Open-Classifieds.png)
</a>

+ **Hide header and footer on single ad and user profile page:** Removes the header, breadcrumbs and footer on single ad and user profile page. Enable to show the user profile page like "your store".

+ **Set max layout width in pixel**: change the website width according to what suits your content ( **[Newspaper](https://selfhosted.yclas.com/themes/newspaper.html)** only)

+ **URL to your Logo:** upload your logo to your FTP and paste a URL to it. Recommended size of the image is **250px x 40px**. Leave this field blank if you don't want logo at all.

+ **Short description that appears after the site name:** Your tagline that appears under the logo. Keep it rather short.

<a href="//open-classifieds.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/logo-with-tagline.png" class="thumbnail gallery-item" data-gallery>
![logo with tagline](//open-classifieds.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/logo-with-tagline.png)
</a>

+ **Numbers of ads to display in home slider**: choose how many of latest ads will be displayed in the slider at the home page. Considering the fact that in one slide appear 3 ads at once, it is the best when you choose the number that can be divided by 3. If you choose number smaller than 4, the slider will be static.

+ **Where you want the sidebar to appear**: decide if you want sidebar displayed on the right or on the left side.

+ **Display slider in listing**: except of the slider at the home page you can also activate a slider in the listing pages with a latest ads of the certain category.

+ **Header banner, allows HTML:** you can put any text or banner as a header of your site. Works great for putting ads e.g. Adsense. Just paste the correct HTML of the banner.

+ **Footer banner, allows HTML:** works the same as header one, enables to place a banner at the bottom of the page.

+ **Listing random position banner, allows HTML:** text or banner that you paste in this field will be displayed in a random position between advertisements in the listing.

+ **Default state for list/grid in listing**: choose the default way you want the ads to be viewed by users when in listing view.

+ **Infinite scroll**: ads will be loading automatically whenever the user scrolls down.

+ **Uses CDN for CSS/JS**: increase site speed by using content delivery network for CSS /JS (deactivate this option if you get an error with JS)


<br>

{% include themes-include.html %}
