yclas-self-hosted-hosting.md, before:

---
title:  "16 Tested Hosting Providers Compatible with Yclas Self Hosted"
date:   2014-07-31 13:56:40
categories: Technical
tags: [Technical]
permalink: /yclas-hosting/
---
<div class="alert alert-warning">
<strong><i class="glyphicon glyphicon-warning-sign"></i> </strong> This guide is only for Yclas Self Hosted!
</div>

![16 Tested Hosting Providers Compatible with Open Classifieds](//open-classifieds.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/624x468xinternet-295264_1280-624x468.png.pagespeed.ic.zoiyEiNWzT.png)

<br>
It happens sometimes that a user purchases a hosting plan at some company then downloads Open Classifieds and tries to run it on his website but he gets surprised with unexpected errors, most of the times that is due to an incompatible hosting with Open Classifieds. To prevent that from happening and with Chema's help we prepared a list of 16 hosting providers that we tested and they're working with Open Classifieds we also included a list of tested hosting providers that are not working with open classifieds.

## Tested Hosting Working With Open Classifieds

These hosting providers have been all tested by us and we saw the software working fine with them:

1. **[Inmotion](https://secure1.inmotionhosting.com/cgi-bin/gby/clickthru.cgi?id=chema&page=7&campaign=blog_post)**
2. **[A2hosting](https://partners.a2hosting.com/solutions.php?id=4636)**
3. siteground
4. godaddy * only linux based hosting and newly purchased packages
5. mediatemple
6. bluehost
7. greengeeks
8. gigapros
9. fatcow
10. arvixe
11. justhost
12. site5
13. dreamhost
14. redcoruna
15. factoriadigital

## Tested hosting Not working with Open Classifieds

These web hosting providers have been tested and all proved to not work with Open Classifieds at the date of posting this article (some may change in time)

1. iPage
2. fatcow
3. godaddy windows based hosting
4. 000webhost
5. hostgator
6. Any other windows hosting is not recommended

My personal recommendation would be **Inmotion Hosting** if you're in the US and **A2 hosting** if you're in Europe, Middle-east and North Africa they're both good with 24/7 tech support, all companies have pros and cons but for me I feel comfortable when dealing with those two companies.

If you didn't find your web hosting on any of the two lists then make sure it's compatible with Open Classifieds by checking the [software requirements]({{ site.baseurl }}/requirements-open-classifieds).

What's your recommended hosting? have you had any good or bad experiences with any hosting not listed here? leave an answer in the comment section below and let's hear the story.

Commit message:

Improvements
Improve search function, oc to yclas

yclas-self-hosted-hosting.md, after:

---
title:  "16 Tested Hosting Providers Compatible with Yclas Self Hosted"
date:   2014-07-31 13:56:40
categories: Technical
tags: [Technical]
permalink: /yclas-hosting/
---
<div class="alert alert-warning">
<strong><i class="glyphicon glyphicon-warning-sign"></i> </strong> This guide is only for Yclas Self Hosted!
</div>

![16 Tested Hosting Providers Compatible with Yclas](//open-classifieds.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/624x468xinternet-295264_1280-624x468.png.pagespeed.ic.zoiyEiNWzT.png)

<br>
It happens sometimes that a user purchases a hosting plan at some company then downloads Yclas and tries to run it on his website but he gets surprised with unexpected errors, most of the times that is due to an incompatible hosting with Yclas. To prevent that from happening and with Chema's help we prepared a list of 16 hosting providers that we tested and they're working with Yclas we also included a list of tested hosting providers that are not working with Yclas.

## Tested Hosting Working With Yclas

These hosting providers have been all tested by us and we saw the software working fine with them:

1. **[Inmotion](https://secure1.inmotionhosting.com/cgi-bin/gby/clickthru.cgi?id=chema&page=7&campaign=blog_post)**
2. **[A2hosting](https://partners.a2hosting.com/solutions.php?id=4636)**
3. siteground
4. godaddy * only linux based hosting and newly purchased packages
5. mediatemple
6. bluehost
7. greengeeks
8. gigapros
9. fatcow
10. arvixe
11. justhost
12. site5
13. dreamhost
14. redcoruna
15. factoriadigital

## Tested hosting Not working with Yclas

These web hosting providers have been tested and all proved to not work with Yclas at the date of posting this article (some may change in time)

1. iPage
2. fatcow
3. godaddy windows based hosting
4. 000webhost
5. hostgator
6. Any other windows hosting is not recommended

My personal recommendation would be **Inmotion Hosting** if you're in the US and **A2 hosting** if you're in Europe, Middle-east and North Africa they're both good with 24/7 tech support, all companies have pros and cons but for me I feel comfortable when dealing with those two companies.

If you didn't find your web hosting on any of the two lists then make sure it's compatible with Yclas by checking the [software requirements]({{ site.baseurl }}/requirements-open-classifieds).

What's your recommended hosting? have you had any good or bad experiences with any hosting not listed here? leave an answer in the comment section below and let's hear the story.
